---
title: "Publications"
draft: false
weight: 30
---

- M. Wilkins, G. Weil, L. Arnold, N. Hardavellas, P. Dinda, Evaluating Functional Memory-Managed Parallel Languages for HPC using the NAS Parallel Benchmarks, Proceedings of the 28th International Workshop on High-Level Parallel Programming Models and Supportive Environments (HIPS 2023), May, 2023.
- M. Wilkins, S. Westrick, V. Kandiah, A. Bernat, B. Suchy, E. Deiana, S. Campanoni, U. Acar, P. Dinda, N. Hardavellas, WARDen: Specializing Cache Coherence for High-Level Parallel Languages, Proceedings of the IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Code Generation and Optimization (CGO 2023), February-March,  2023.
- E. Deiana, B. Suchy, M. Wilkins, B. Homerding, T. McMichen, K. Dunajewski, P. Dinda, N. Hardavellas, S. Campanoni, Program State Element Characterization, Proceedings of the IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Code Generation and Optimization (CGO 2023), February-March,  2023.
- V. Kandiah, D. Lustig, O. Villa, D. Nellans, N. Hardavellas, Parsimony: Enabling SIMD/Vector Programming in Standard Compiler Flows, Proceedings of the IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Code Generation and Optimization (CGO 2023), February-March,  2023.
- M. Wilkins, Y. Guo, R. Thakur, N. Hardavellas, P. Dinda, ACCLAiM: Advancing the Practicality of MPI Collective Communication Autotuning Using Machine Learning, Proceedings of the 24th IEEE Conference on Cluster Computing (Cluster 2022), September, 2022. 
- A. Matni, E. Deiana, Y. Su, L. Gross, S. Ghosh, S. Apostolakis, Z. Xu, Z. Tan, I. Chaturvedi, B. Homerding, T. McMichen, D. August, S. Campanoni, NOELLE Offers Empowering LLVM Extensions, 2022 IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Code Generation and Optimization (CGO), 2022. \[[paper](https://doi.org/10.1109/CGO53902.2022.9741276)\]
- N. Wanninger, J. Bowden, K. Shetty, A. Garg, K. Hale, Isolating Functions at the Hardware Limit with Virtines, Proceedings of the 17th European Conference on Computer Systems (EuroSys 2022), April, 2022.
- B. Suchy, S. Ghosh, D. Kersnar, S. Chai, Z. Huang, A. Nelson, M. Cuevas, A. Bernat, G. Chaudhary, N. Hardavellas, S. Campanoni, P. Dinda, CARAT CAKE: Replacing Paging via Compiler/Kernel Cooperation, Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS 2022), February-March, 2022.
- J. Ma, W. Wang, A. Nelson, M. Cuevas, B. Homerding, C. Liu, Z. Huang, S. Campanonoi, K. Hale, P. Dinda, Paths to OpenMP in the Kernel, Proceedings of the International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage, and Analysis (SC '21), November, 2021. 
- M. Wilkins, Y. Guo, R. Thakur, N. Hardavellas, P. Dinda, M. Si, A FACT-based Appraoch: Making ML Collective Autotuning Feasible on Exascale Systems, Proceedings of the 2021 Workshop on Exascale MPI (ExaMPI 2021), November, 2021.
- K. Hale, S. Campanoni, N. Hardavellas, P. Dinda, The Case for an Interwoven Parallel Hardware/Software Stack, Proceedings of the 11th International Workshop on Runtime and Operating Systems for Supercomputers (ROSS 2021), November, 2021.
- P. Nookala, P. Dinda, K. Hale, I. Raicu, K. Chard, Extremely Fine-grained Parallelism via Scalable Concurrent Queues on Modern Many-core Architectures, Proceedings of the 28th IEEE International Symposium on the Modeling, Analysis, and Simulation of Computer and Telecommunication Systems (MASCOTS '21), November, 2021. 
- X. Zhang, T. Jones, S. Campanoni, Quantifying the Semantic Gap Between Serial and Parallel Programming, 2021 IEEE International Symposium on Workload Characterization (IISWC), 2021. \[[paper](https://doi.org/10.1109/IISWC53511.2021.00024)\]
- K. Hale, Coalescent Computing, Proceedings of the ACM Asia-Pacific Workshop on Systems (APSys), 2021. \[[paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3476886.3477503)\]
- M. Rainey, R. Newton, K. Hale, N. Hardavellas, S. Campanoni, P. Dinda, U. Acar, Task parallel assembly language for uncompromising parallelism, Proceedings of the 42nd ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation (PLDI), 2021. \[[paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3453483.3460969)\]
- S. Ghosh, M. Cuevas, S. Campanoni, P. Dinda, Compiler-based Timing for Extremely Fine-Grain Preemptive Parallelism, Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage, and Analysis (SC 2020), November 2020. 
- B. Suchy, S. Campanoni, N. Hardavellas, P. Dinda, CARAT: A Case for Virtual Memory through Compiler- and Runtime-Based Address Translation, Proceedings of the 41st ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation (PLDI 2020), June, 2020. 
